now lets understand how the actual factory works, 



steps

they get and order from client thru (email whatsapp etc)

then inzemam opens book keeper software to generate a proforma invoice and send it to client

then client confirms 

but before that they check if raw material inventory has sufficient raw materials to make the product (we would need a complete raw material catalogue dashboard inventory)

another thing, there are old clients who always reorderds all the times after a few months weeks etc, we need a place where they could track each one of their clients and track their orders down - status of next expected order should come up, so that they atleast can get notified to contact the client themselves.

Once the order is confirmed, production team starts working.

A deadline is set

production is started

they will generate waste from the current production which will help in creating another impure from of raw material which can be reused

after production theres QC check in much detail, then packaging cartons 

depending on QC, product done. 

QC-> done on paper right now, they need that digitized.

then after everything they store the product (product inventory +)

confirmation with client about the dispatch

dispatch (Product inventory -)




Things he wants in this ERP:

Page for:

1.items 
2.customer 
3.supplier (leaderboard Google sheets, for new leads)
4.buying (could be Raw materials other things)
5.selling, 
6.stock (One inventory for Actual Manufactured products and one for raw materials), 
7.QC sheet for Himalaya plast is attached. QC sheet permanent tab but with changeable names for the client 
8. machines and its maintenance (6 machines currently) (Keep it on the side for now will circle back to it.)


other important stuff:
1. Material list 
 Raw Materials (Granule’s)
A. Hard Granules 
B. Soft granules 
C. LD Granules 
D. Eva Granules 
E. Black carbon (used for colour)
F. Grey colour
G. Cartons 
And scrap recycle ho ke jo atta hai woh!

attached QCsheet format,
